storage: Added section on NFS mounts (#324)
coreos/fedora-coreos-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/storage.adoc

      with_mount_unit: true
----

== Adding network storage

Fedora CoreOS systems can be configured to mount network filesystems such as NFS and CIFS. This is best achieved by using Ignition to create systemd units. Filesystems can be mounted on boot by creating a standard mount unit. Alternately, a filesystem can be mounted when users access the mountpoint by creating an additional automount unit. Below are examples of each for an NFS filesystem.

=== Configuring NFS mounts

.Creating a systemd unit to mount an NFS filesystem on boot.
NOTE: The `.mount` file must be named based on the path (e.g. `/var/mnt/data` = `var-mnt-data.mount`)
[source,yaml]
----
variant: fcos
version: 1.3.0
systemd: 
  units:
    - name: var-mnt-data.mount
      enabled: true
      contents: |
        [Unit]
        Description=Mount data directory

        [Mount]
        What=example.org:/data
        Where=/var/mnt/data
        Type=nfs4

        [Install]
        WantedBy=multi-user.target
----

> .Creating a systemd unit to mount an NFS file system when users access the mount point (automount) 

Reviewer: Minor:

```suggestion
.Creating a systemd unit to mount an NFS filesystem when users access the mount point (automount) 
```

(To be consistent with the first example title.)
